First add of PowerShell instructions (#55)
github/awesome-copilot: instructions/powershell.instructions.md

---

> applyTo: "**/*.ps1,**/*.psm1"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
applyTo: '**/*.ps1,**/*.psm1'
```

> description: "PowerShell cmdlet and scripting best practices based on Microsoft guidelines"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: 'PowerShell cmdlet and scripting best practices based on Microsoft guidelines'
```
